Tweak docs: constants, blocks and so on (#207)
xodio/xod-docs: docs/reference/node-cpp-api/README.md

Represents XOD string. Typedef’ed to [`List<char>`](#List), so the same methods and functions may be used to manipulate it.

## Inside `node {}`

> The `node` block represents contents of a `struct Node`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `node` block describes the state and behaviour of a node. Under the hood, it is converted to a regular C++ `struct`, and should be treated as such. You can add fields and methods to it.
```

<a name="input_xxx"></a>

#### `input_$$$`

If a node has a single unlabeled input, `input_IN` is generated for it.

If a node has multiple unlabeled inputs, they are referred as `input_IN1`, `input_IN2`,…, `input_IN7`.

<a name="output_xxx"></a>

#### `output_$$$`

XOD runtime supports no more than seven outputs on C\++ nodes.

If a node has a single unlabeled output, `output_OUT` is generated for it.

If a node has multiple unlabeled outputs, they are referred as `output_OUT1`, `output_OUT2`,…, `output_OUT7`.

### Constant pin values

Known at a compile time. Might be used in static asserts to ensure correctness.

#### `constant_input_$$$`

A value of a constant input pin.

#### `constant_output_$$$`

The descriptor for constant output of the node.

Should be defined manually as

```cpp
static constexpr typeof_OUT constant_output_OUT = $$$;
```

`$$$` should be replaced with a valid value for the output.

In case of creating an "unpack" node for the custom type, which is a struct that contains a constant value (such as PORT), you might define it as:
```cpp
static constexpr typeof_OUT constant_output_OUT = typeof_DEV::port;
```

## `nodespace {}`

> The `nodespace` block used to place some code outside the `struct Node {}`, but inside a node namespace, so this code will be accessible only with that node.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `nodespace` block is used to place some code outside the `struct Node {}`, but inside a node namespace, so this code will be accessible only with that node.
```

#### `typeof_$$$`

A type for each of node's pins. Useful to access the type of a pin if its symbol is hardly accessible in other ways.

`$$$` gets replaced by a pin label as is. For example, `typeof_IN`, `typeof_OUT`. Since pin names are unique, there is no destinction between inputs and outputs.

### Pin descriptors

Automatically generated descriptor for each of node’s pins. Never instantiated. Used as a template argument in functions to access data.

`$$$` gets replaced by a pin label as is. For example, `input_Smin`, `output_FOO`.

<a name="input_xxx"></a>

#### `input_$$$`

If a node has a single unlabeled input, `input_IN` is generated for it.

If a node has multiple unlabeled inputs, they are referred as `input_IN1`, `input_IN2`,…, `input_IN7`.

<a name="output_xxx"></a>

#### `output_$$$`

XOD runtime supports no more than seven outputs on C\++ nodes.

If a node has a single unlabeled output, `output_OUT` is generated for it.

If a node has multiple unlabeled outputs, they are referred as `output_OUT1`, `output_OUT2`,…, `output_OUT7`.

### Constant pin types

#### Port

> Port pin type is a constant type of `uint8_t`.

Reviewer: I'd move this somewhere in `/docs/guide/data-types`

Author: 👌
